Progress Log: This will track my progress from complete begineer to learning how to code. The date will be on the left and I will try to do two posts a day,
              once in the morning before I've done any coding, and once in the afternoon after I have finished coding for the day.



6/11/2021: Today I mainly just focused on watching Youtube videos and learned more about different languages and what it means to be a Software Engineer. 
           I also looked into resources to start my learning journey (Bootcamps, free online resources, etc.) I ended up deciding on Code Academy and
           got to work the next day! Note: I have zero coding experience.

6/12/2021: Today was a saturday, so I thought it would be a good day to get started on actually learning. I decided to do a Full-Stack Engineer Career Path on Code Academy.
           I coded for about 6 hours, it was a hot day so I decided it was best spent inside. Unfortunatly, my AC broke so it was a very hot inside too! I learned
           the introduction to JavaScript (Variables, Conditionals, And Functions). I had a little trouble with conditionals and quite a bit of trouble on funtions,
           but eventually I figured it out. I felt like I learned quite a bit for the day and headed to bed!
           
6/13/2021: I decided today was going to be a medium work day just because I grinded quite a bit yesterday. I decided I want to learn alot about the front-end before I really
           get into back-development. I also looked into how much people charge on UpWork and it was upwards of 35/hr. I thought that was pretty good and gave me a goal to
           strive torwards. I would like to make some personal websites before I charge, so I don't charge people for inadequate and poor work. I think i'm getting a little
           ahead of myself. Today I learned some array and started on loops. CodeAcademy has been super slow today and unresponsive so it's slowed down my progress.
           
6/14/2021: (Morning) I figured out yesterday why CodeAcademy was acting up. I was doing a loop but never stopping said loop, so it took alot of energy to do the task resulting in poor
                     performance. Today I am not as motivated as I would like, but I do want to finish up loops. I looked a little into HTML, and thought it would be interesting to learn.
                     I noticed it is a little later in my course though. I think I should have a rest day on Wednesday or Thursday. Still passionate but somewhat waning. Hope I can actually
                     start building things soon!
                     
         (Afternoon) I am struggling and have hit a roadblock when it comes to understanded for loops within nested arrays. I am thinking I will not be able to get through
                     as much today as I had previously. I think it will get harder as time goes on an I will get through less and less everyday. I just need to perservere and
                     get through and truly understand it! 
          
6/15/2021: (Morning) Decided today would be my break day! Hopefully tommorrow I feel better and more motivated. May get some work done today, but no promises! I was thinking about
                     building legos and having a chill day. Been watching Mr. Robot recently and i'm facisnated by the complexity and it's a great show. I haven't said this but
                     The Social Network was what inspired me to start this journey. I enjoyed the blog at the begining of the movie and thought it would be an interesting idea to
                     track my progress for both myself and others if I ever make it big one day. I had a few small ideas, i'll share one here quickly. A program that sends your snap
                     streaks for you at a set time everyday. If you're away or just don't want to do it that day it will do it for you automatically. Thought it would be cool. I'll
                     keep you updated and will do an afternoon post to tell you what I did today. 
                     
6/16/2021: (Morning) I decided not to do an afternoon post because i've been very demotivated. I wish I could stay on but I am getting very confused when it comes to nested loops with arrays. 
                     I feel like I need to understand this to move forward and that it is crucial to my fundamental learning. I'm having trouble finding the motivation if I can't even
                     figure out the fundamentals. Will keep you updated. 
           
